BD-3214 Export all user data in a segment (#7620)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/data_and_analytics/export_braze_data/segment_data_to_csv.md

# Exporting segment data to CSV

> To request a CSV export of user data from a segment, select the **User Data** dropdown while editing a segment and select to export either the user data or email addresses for the segment.

![][1]

You can also request a CSV export from the main **Segments** page by selecting the <i class="fas fa-gear"></i> **Settings** dropdown for a segment:

![][2]

{% alert tip %}

> To export data from all your users, create a segment with no filters, and then request a CSV export.

Author: ```suggestion
To export data from all your user profiles, create a segment with no filters, and then request a CSV export.
```
